Who has been to a moonlight cinema before?
Watching a movie under the stars is Pretty
Romantic right. Well In this week's video,
I'll be showing you 2 ways of capturing
the cinemagic on your nails.
I alternated the design with an open curtain
and a closed curtain version. If you like
this Design please rate and favourite this
video. As always, start with base coat and
base color and let it completely dry before
moving on.
This next step is completely optional but
if you want to achieve super straight lines,
you can give this method a try, instead of
using the striper brush and adding them in
freehand. So we're going to use some striping
tape and cut them into smaller sections. Get
a few strips ready before applying them onto
the nail. Using a finger to help hold down
the tape, make any adjustments if needed and
line them on the nail leaving even gaps in
between.
Then apply a black nail polish all over the
nail and quickly peel the strips off to get
the super straight line effect. If the lines
didn't come out as clean, you can go over
with the base colour to cover any spots. Although
your still using the striping brush, its a
lot easier to fix up certain areas than creating
super straight lines using only the striper.
Next I'm just using the brush that came
with the black nail polish to section off
the tip of the nail with 3 curved bumps. So
Start small and build towards the shape that
you want. Then use a thin brush to line the
curved tips.
Now for the Open Curtain design. I'm just
going to use the striper brush. Draw 2 curved
lines towards the top of the nail and color
in the tip. Add 3 lines on either side to
represent the curtains, then line the tip
edge with a white striper brush. Now use a
dotting tool to add polka dots to the Special
shaped French tip and do the same for the
remaining nails
Using the Moon and Star shaped Nail Stickers
available at Meliney.com start placing them
onto the nail. If you put it in the center
of the nail, it will look like it's the
star of the show. And if you don't want
to get the sticker's, you can totally draw
in the star and moon shapes instead with a
detail brush. Once your done, Add top coat
to secure the decals and presto. If you like
this design, feel free to share this video
on your facebook, blogs or pinterest. You
can subscribe to my channel to be notified
of my new videos. I upload new design every
Thursday. You can also follow me on instagram
for snap shots of my daily life.